## Overview:

This is a data analysis project based on the dataset provided by Kaggle.

## Despcription: Forecast use of a city bikeshare system

Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able rent a bike from a one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world.

The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city. In this competition, participants are asked to combine historical usage patterns with weather data in order to forecast bike rental demand in the Capital Bikeshare program in Washington, D.C.

## My work: 

I read the most upvoted public codes and found that their works seem very standarlized, covering Feature Engineering, Corr Analysis, Fancy ML models, etc.

But I couldn't see much interesting results with this 'specific' dataset. Then I thought there must be something missing there just applying the most prevalent methods and functions. Actually I found that some tricks as easy as Min and Max if applied well is much more worthy than regression in this senario.

Maybe the way to identify the features of data is not just fancy models but to think inside the dataset.

## Reference
https://www.kaggle.com/c/bike-sharing-demand

